hey guys mr. Dalek Jani here and welcome
to a black ops 2 zombies video where
we're gonna be going over a few new
things that they've added into the game
so the first thing is a new permanent
perk which is juggernaut Pro and as you
can see the way to do this is you just
want to buy quick revive this is you can
do it on solo by quick revive and then
get knocked down by the zombies and then
get knocked down again now sometimes
when you get knocked down that second
time and you get a game over you get the
green flash to show that you've got a
permanent perk but for me I had to
restart the game done this whole little
sequence again but as you see when I get
revived you see the green Spock and you
can hear Moulton kind of say two things
at the same time like the character was
supposed to say something but he said
something connected with the green flash
right here there you go so when you hear
that that's when you know that you've
got juggernaut Pro and with this new
permanent perk you can survive free hits
before actually getting downed which is
a lot more useful because I just felt in
black ops 2 zombies juggernaut was just
not as strong as it was in black ops 1
you can absolutely terror that and just
to show you guys with juggernaut you can
survive 5 hits without having to go down
which is pretty epic now the second one
that I want to show you guys here is the
insta kill the red insta kill I want to
thank Liam for the winner for finding
out that juggernaut Pro that was
absolutely insane and also to the work
on the whole community in finding these
new things in this latest title update
so this one thing I want to show you
really quickly is a lot of people have
been saying that zombies die out when
you leave certain areas you know like
you leave this on be at the end instead
of it being a Call of just the normal
fools running zombie you see I left the
town part the map I'm running this this
zombie it's not been damaged whatsoever
get halfway through and the zombie dies
out so if that kind of shows you that
zombies apparently do die now when you
leave the areas which is a bit annoying
but anyway this is the
read insta-kill this is how to get it so
the first thing you got to do is just
get a normal winter kill but with this
you do not want to kill any zombies at
all during the insta kill being active
you just want to run around you don't
want it touching these on bees shoot any
zombies you don't want to kill any you
just want to literally do nothing for 30
seconds now you see also something else
I've noticed is the the you know the
drops when they're blinking like that I
haven't seen them do that before like
I'm not sure if it's just me going crazy
or if they've just added that in as well
because honestly I've never seen them
blink like that when they're going
alright so the second is to kill now
usually you should get the permanent bug
to pop up but in this case it didn't so
again I'm not gonna kill any zombies
whatsoever and as you can see there I've
got the green puffs of smoke and as you
can see we heard a character quote so
now what you so now once you've got that
OH
next time you get an insta-kill you'll
get the red insta-kill and the red Ian's
to kill push you in like a berserker
mode any zombies that touch you die so
use that wisely yo you don't get it for
as long as a normal means to kill bad as
you can see literally just run into them
and they dig die is freaking awesome but
yeah hope you guys enjoyed this if you
did and you want to leave a light rate
you'd be sure to as well if there's any
other fines that you guys find be sure
to put it in the comment section down
below I'm gonna leave the video going
with just me trying to put my points in
the bank and going on the crazy little
train in this bus so hope you guys
enjoyed and see you on shoes take the
die rise yeah
[Music]